Added the possibility to change the ARB path (#5)
localizely/intl_utils: README.md

  <b>enabled: true</b> # Required. Must be set to true to activate the package. Default: false
  class_name: S # Optional. Sets the name for the generated localization class. Default: S
  main_locale: en # Optional. Sets the main locale used for generating localization files. Provided value should consist of language code and optional script and country codes separated with underscore (e.g. 'en', 'en_GB', 'zh_Hans', 'zh_Hans_CN'). Default: en

>   arb_path: lib/l10n # Optional. Sets the path to the ARB resource files. Provided value should be a valid path on your system (e.g. 'lib', 'res/', 'assets\l10n').

Author: Sure, I am open to a different name. 

You have a good point with the asset folder. I chose the `assets` folder to show, that you can use all kinds of folders, but I did not think further than that 😅

```suggestion
  arb_dir: lib/l10n # Optional. Sets the directory of your ARB resource files. Provided value should be a valid path on your system.
```

>   arb_path: lib/l10n # Optional. Sets the path to the ARB resource files. Provided value should be a valid path on your system (e.g. 'lib', 'res/', 'assets\l10n').

Reviewer: Cool! 

This looks good to me!
We should update the name of this parameter in the rest of the code.

>   arb_path: lib/l10n # Optional. Sets the path to the ARB resource files. Provided value should be a valid path on your system (e.g. 'lib', 'res/', 'assets\l10n').

Author: I pushed the changes. If I didn't overloook something, all names should be changed now.

#### Upload main ARB file

>       flutter pub run intl_utils:localizely_upload_main --project-id <PROJECT_ID> --api-token <API_TOKEN> [--arb_dir <ARB_DIR>]

Reviewer: Let's use dashes in arg names, just to be consistent with the rest of the code.

`--arb_dir <ARB_DIR>` -> `--arb-dir <ARB_DIR>`

This will upload your main ARB file to Localizely. Check out the 'Configure package' section for additional upload configuration.

#### Download ARB files

>       flutter pub run intl_utils:localizely_download --project-id <PROJECT_ID> --api-token <API_TOKEN> [--arb_dir <ARB_DIR>]

Reviewer: Let's use dashes in arg names, just to be consistent with the rest of the code.

`--arb_dir <ARB_DIR>` -> `--arb-dir <ARB_DIR>`

> This will download all available ARB files from the Localizely platform and put them under `lib/l10n` folder, if you did not give a different `arb-path`, inside your project.

Reviewer: I believe you've missed this one...

Let's change `arb-path` to `arb-dir`

Notes:  
Argument `project-id` can be omitted if `pubspec.yaml` file contains `project_id` configuration under `flutter_intl/localizely` section.  
Argument `api-token` can be omitted if `~/.localizely/credentials.yaml` file contains `api_token` configuration.  

> Optional argument `arb_dir` has the value `lib/l10n` as default and needs only to be set, if you want to place your ARB files in a custom directory.

Reviewer: `arb_dir` -> `arb-dir`

#### Upload main ARB file

>       flutter pub run intl_utils:localizely_upload_main --project-id <PROJECT_ID> --api-token <API_TOKEN> [--arb-path <ARB_PATH>]

Reviewer: I'm just thinking... 🤔

Why do you need an additional argument for the ARB files directory?
The current implementation is not perfect, but we should have a clear idea of why we are doing some things (we can't easily change config later).

Note that we are currently reading some configuration for uploading and downloading from the `PubspecConfig` before making API calls.

Author: My understanding is, that if you change the directory where your arb files are, the synchronization with your platform does not work anymore, if you do not also pass the current directory as an argument. I did not manually test it though. I just added these line to pass your automatic tests and to fix all errors resulting from the new custom path parameter.

This will upload your main ARB file to Localizely. Check out the 'Configure package' section for additional upload configuration.

#### Download ARB files

>       flutter pub run intl_utils:localizely_download --project-id <PROJECT_ID> --api-token <API_TOKEN> [--arb-path <ARB_PATH>]

Reviewer: Same as above.
